# UiMatrix 

UiMatrix is a component library designed specifically for use with the Convergent framework and is not adapted for standalone use. This allows for deep integration with other Converged resources and saves resources when optimizing individual implementations.

### Philosophy UiMatrix
- **Scalability**: Adaptable to various screen sizes and contexts, from managing single equipment items to entire equipment clusters.
- **Data-Driven Interface**: Emphasizes real time data display.
- **Device Priorities**: 1. Tablets, 2. Computers, 3. Smartphones.
- **Hybrid Interface**: Supports both mouse input for personal computers and active touchscreen usage.
- **Minimalism**: Eliminates unnecessary decorative elements for easy maintenance, expansion, and modification.
- **Cross-Border**: All textual information must be available in different languages, including separate font handling and text storage.
- **Modularity**: Facilitates the reuse of different components in different contexts.
- **IDE-Like Functionality**: Supports code editing and 3D model editing.
- **Easy customisation**: Supports customization (setting a logo, corporate fonts, colors, and styles) for branding client products.

### UiMatrix Elements
- **Colors**: All interface elements are managed from a palette, including multiple palettes, with primary options being black and white.
- **Layouts**: Schemes for arranging individual elements on pages.
- **Themes**: Comprehensive interface customization, encompassing colors, icons, sounds, images, and fonts.
- **Grids**: Grids with standard element widths and heights.
- **Icons**: Icon sets.
- **Dialogs**: Various pop-up windows, tooltips, and dialogs.
- **Sounds**: Sound sets for tactile interfaces, as DFUI is actively used with smartphones, tablets, and other touch devices.
- **Typography**: Font sets and text styling.
- **Editors**: Standard UI layout editor modes for various types of editors, such as 3D object editors, code editors, and text editors.
- **Control Panels**: One of the framework's core functions is equipment management (industrial, scientific, measurement).
- **Lists**: Various interface elements for displaying data sets, including tables, lists, tiles, and more.
- **Diagrams**: A set of diagrams for visually representing different types of data.
- **Localization**: Rules that adapt interface behavior depending on the language.
- **Navigation**: Menus, breadcrumbs, and navigation panels.
- **Notifications**: All aspects related to notifications, status panels, and pop-up notifications.
- **Control Elements**: Any individual elements, including buttons, input fields, checkboxes, and more.
- **Images**: Vector images for use in the interface.
- **Forms**: Organization of data input forms.
